[groans] Ow!
[Crosshair] Did you think wrestling
that creature was a good idea?
At the time, yes.
[Hunter] The base is five klicks away.
Can you make it?
[scoffs] Try and stop me.
[groans]
[alarm blaring]
Guard the vault
until the security lockdown is lifted.
[Scorch] Dr. Hemlock,
one of the insurgents has been captured.
[alarm continues]
Aligning yourself with insurgent clones.
[sighs] Not a good look, Rampart.
You're surprisingly calm,
considering this secure and secret
facility… [laughs] …has been compromised.
I can't imagine
the Emperor will be pleased about that.
All that time you spent on Kamino,
yet you learned nothing
about how clones think.
I knew Clone Force 99 would
eventually attempt to recover Omega.
Their failure is inevitable.
All this for the young clone.
[chuckles]
I fail to see how she's of value to you.
What I am working on
is beyond your understanding.
Something so vital to the Empire,
it makes me indispensable.
Unlike yourself.
[door closes]
[alarm blaring]
The longer this lockdown continues,
the higher the chance
you'll be discovered.
We need to move. Now.
Why can't I find any record
of the vault Omega's held in?
These databanks are heavily encrypted.
The vault is several levels down.
Hemlock keeps it under heavy guard,
but I can get you inside.
Why are you helping me?
Because I was wrong about this place.
And… [inhales sharply]
…I'm trying to do the right thing.
[alarm blaring]
[Eva] You want us to do what?
It's how we're going to escape.
But it sounds dangerous.
My squad I told you about?
They're here.
If we can get out of this room
and find them, we can all go home.
You really think this will work?
I'll make sure of it.
I've been trained for this.
Let's get into position.
[giggles]
My game is broken.
Can you fix it?
[droid] That is not
part of my programming.
[groans, powers down]
-[droid] Error.
-Dr. Scalder's on her way.
-Hurry.
-[droid] Err-Error.
[Jax] You've done this before, right?
Yes, but not on this type of droid.
Where are the others?
SP-39, I asked you a question.
[footsteps approaching]
We w-were with the droid.
[sighs] Another scan wasn't scheduled.
Tell me what you were really doing.
Eva's telling the truth.
We were with the droid.
Dr. Karr has been
too lenient with you all.
Return to your alcoves.
A few days of isolation
should remind you-- [grunts]
-[gasps] It worked.
-[giggles]
You did great.
Now we have to hurry.
Droid, guard the door.
Sami, prep the sling for Bayrn.
[Bayrn coos]
-Ready?
-[Jax] Ready.
[ships flying over]
[Wrecker groaning]
[Crosshair] He's gonna need
another med patch.
[Hunter] We're out.
[Wrecker groans] I-I can make it.
[Echo] The kids who are held in here,
where'd they come from?
The Empire used bounty hunters
to retrieve them.
Their genetic material was required
for certain medical testing.
I didn't know about them until recently.
I couldn't help them. Until now.
[Echo] Well,
how does Omega fit into all this?
She's vital to Hemlock's main objective
for the Emperor.
Project Necromancer.
[Echo] Don't like the sound of that.
[Bayrn whimpers]
[Omega] Everybody good?
Bayrn's getting restless.
H-He won't be quiet for much longer.
Don't worry.
Things are about to get very loud anyways.
[medical personnel chattering]
Wait here.
[console beeping]
[Bayrn crying]
Get him to stop.
I'm trying.
[stormtrooper] You hear that?
Find out where that's coming from.
[beeping]
[system powering up]
-[gasps] Hi.
-[crying]
[sighs] Step out of there.
[stammers] Um--
[growls]
[medical assistant] What's the situation?
[stormtrooper] It's children, sir.
What do we do?
[sighs] Get them out of there!
[Zillo Beast growls]
[gasps]
[groans]
-Initiate containment protocols.
-[Zillo Beast roars]
[roars]
[stormtroopers screaming]
[blasters firing]
[roars]
[datapad beeps]
[Scalder groans]
What's going on in here?
Omega and the specimens have escaped.
Due to Dr. Scalder's incompetence,
they exploited a weak point
within the walls.
She will be dealt with.
-[rumbling]
-[power surges]
[comm beeps]
[chattering on comm]
The Zillo's loose
in the containment level.
Shut down the reactor, and send a division
to secure the transport hangar.
Find Omega, Dr. Karr.
Consider your fate now tied to hers.
I don't understand.
Where could the children have gone?
[Echo] Omega.
She released the Zillo.
How do you know that?
[Echo] Because it's exactly what I'd do.
She's splitting their numbers
and creating a diversion.
Come on.
[electricity crackling]
[screaming]
[Zillo Beast roars]
[Bayrn snoring]
This puts him to sleep?
[sighs]
[roars]
[alarm blaring]
[Zillo Beast roars]
[panting, grunts]
They've got heavy patrols guarding
the perimeter with lurca hounds.
[Wrecker] Told you
we should've brought Batcher.
[chuckles, groaning]
Stop looking at me like that!
I'm fine! [groans]
[Crosshair] No, you're not.
Change of plans.
You two, head to the communications array
and try to contact Rex.
I'll infiltrate the base myself.
[Hunter] Not happening.
[Wrecker] Yeah,
we've handled worse situations than this.
-Countless--
-[Crosshair] Wake up, Wrecker.
Clone Force 99 died with Tech.
We're not that squad anymore.
I've been inside that mountain.
I know what we're up against.
If we all go in,
we're not all making it out.
Omega needs you both.
So, I'm doing this alone.
It's--
It's what I deserve.
[Hunter] Don't even think
about Plan 99, Crosshair.
Omega needs all of us,
and so do those clones.
[Wrecker] We've always known the risks.
And so did Tech.
We do this together.
[Zillo Beast roars in distance]
[lurca hound barks]
[whines]
[Wrecker sighs] What's going on?
[banging]
[roaring]
[Crosshair] Echo's handiwork or Omega's?
[Hunter, Wrecker] Omega.
[Hunter] If she's giving us a way in,
let's not waste it.
[Omega] Over here.
You want us to climb up t-that?
The Zillo got out this way.
So can we.
What's wrong?
I'm not good with heights.
I-I guess I'd make a poor soldier.
My brother Wrecker hates heights too.
And he's the strongest soldier I know.
Just stay focused on what's ahead,
not what's below.
[alarm blaring]
[Scorch] The Zillo breached the bay doors
and fled to the jungle
after wiping out
two full divisions of troopers.
We need reinforcements.
Send the shuttles after the Zillo.
[Scorch] But, sir,
without air support, the rogue clones
could exploit our weakened defenses.
Of course they will.
Do it.
[alarm blaring]
[console beeps]
[system powering up]
[beeps]
[datapad beeps]
[alarm blaring]
[Echo] We're on the right track.
Omega definitely came through here.
And went where?
How are they getting around unseen?
[Echo] What's at the top of this shaft?
It leads up to
one of the transport hangars.
[Echo] Any chance you know a shortcut?
[alarm continues]
[Wrecker grunts]
[Wrecker] What now?
-How many?
-[Crosshair] Too many.
[Wrecker] W-We can take 'em.
[Crosshair] No, we can't.
Not in your condition.
We need to fall back.
-[Hunter] Crosshair--
-[Crosshair] Go! I'll be right behind you.
[sticky bomb beeps]
[grunts]
[rapid beeping]
[Hunter grunts]
[Wrecker pants] Hunter!
[grunting]
[groans]
[sticky bomb beeping]
[Wrecker groaning]
[Crosshair grunts]
[Wrecker grunts]
[straining]
[screams]
[Wrecker grunting]
[Crosshair groaning]
[clone commando] You should be
more careful with your shooting hand.
[Omega pants]
What was all that blaster fire?
I don't know,
but it sounds like it's over.
And we can't stay here.
Just a little bit further.
Is that the rest of your squad?
[Echo] Yeah. Where are they being taken?
I don't know.
But Hemlock will keep them well guarded.
[Echo] I can handle that.
But we have to find the children first.
The science hangar is up ahead.
Do you see your squad?
Not yet.
[stormtrooper] Hey! You don't belong here.
Call it in.
[grunts]
Causing chaos, Havoc 5?
Echo?
Hey, kid.
And other kids.
The shuttles in bay four
are still operational.
You're helping us, Dr. Karr?
I am. But we must hurry.
Wait. Where are Hunter,
Wrecker and Crosshair?
[Echo] They're detained.
-You mean captured?
-[Echo] For now.
Can you fly that shuttle?
Yes. Why?
[Echo] Take the kids to these coordinates.
We'll meet you there.
You're not coming with us?
There are more prisoners inside,
including my brothers.
I can't leave without them.
-Don't worry.
-[Bayrn coos]
Emerie's taking you someplace safe.
We'll meet you there.
Here. This will help you access
all wings of the facility.
Look after them.
You have my word.
Be careful, Omega.
[Echo] You ready?
Let's complete the mission.
[electricity crackling]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[panting]
The last time we crossed paths,
you had just lost a member of your squad.
And it appears history may repeat itself.
CT-9904 resisted my conditioning
in the past,
but I've made alterations to my methods.
If you all survive,
you will make fine operatives.
And if not, well, there's no shortage
of clones to test on next.
We'll survive.
But you won't.
[screaming, groaning]
Doctor, there is an incoming transmission
from Governor Tarkin.
[Hunter screaming, groaning continues]
[muffled blaster fire]
[groans]
-[datapad beeps]
-[prisoner] Hey, kid.
What's going on?
[Omega] We're breaking out.
[beeping]
Here.
I'll look for the others.
Nala Se!
Omega, why did you come back
to this place?
I had to, but it's okay.
We're all getting out this time.
[sighs] We gave up hope
that anyone was coming to help us.
We've been looking for this base
for a while.
Echo, I searched all the cells.
They're not here.
Who?
The rest of our squad.
They were grabbed by Hemlock's operatives.
Where else would he take them?
Well, they could be in the training room.
It's where Hemlock conditions
the clones he deems useful.
I think I know where that is.
-Follow me.
-[Rampart] Are you joking?
The wisest course of action
is to leave while we can.
Clones don't leave our brothers behind.
Listen, I know
you've all been through enough.
You deserve your freedom.
But Omega and I can't do this alone.
Is anyone willing to stand with us?
I will. [sighs]
-I've got one more fight left in me.
-Me too.
-I'll stand with you.
-[prisoner] Yeah!
Good.
You two, get the injured to the hangar
and secure a shuttle.
I'll trigger an alert in a different wing
and reroute their troops.
The rest of you, grab any weapon you can.
[Nala Se] Omega,
I must not allow my science
to remain in the Empire's hands.
The only way you will be free
is if Hemlock is gone
and the databanks are destroyed.
Then let's get to the lab.
No.
Your place is with them.
You'll need this.
[Tarkin] I hear you've lost control
of the Zillo Beast
and that your facility is under threat.
The Emperor is most concerned.
I have the situation under control.
Do you?
We shall soon see.
You can expect my arrival shortly.
[stormtrooper 1] Prisoners have engaged
troopers in levels five and seven.
-We need--
-[stormtrooper 2 grunts]
[stormtrooper 3 grunts]
The training floor's
two more corridors over.
[Echo] The pneumatic tube system
runs throughout this base.
Think you can use it
to get eyes inside that room?
It worked in the vault.
[alarm blaring]
Relay what you see, but stay out of sight
until we're in position.
Roger that.
[stormtrooper grunts]
[steam hissing]
[beeping]
[system powering up]
[alarm blaring]
[beeping]
[blaster clicks]
Step aside.
I'm curious. What research could be
of such value to the Emperor?
[typing]
[device beeping]
Tell me everything
about Project Necromancer.
-[comm beeps]
-Echo,
I have a visual on Hunter,
Wrecker and Crosshair.
There's an operative on guard,
but I don't see the others.
I might be able to free them
if you give me a big enough distraction.
-[Echo] We're on our way.
-[comm beeps]
[blasters firing in distance]
[firing continues]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[groans]
[console beeps]
-[groans, coughs]
-[gasps]
[grunting]
A glaring weakness in clones
is their loyalty to one another.
Thank you for proving my point.
[firing continues]
[beeps]
[gas hissing]
[prisoners coughing]
This has been very enlightening.
Who knew a child could be so valuable?
You never understood
the complexities of cloning.
Oh, your science means nothing to me.
It's a mere bargaining chip.
And if this is as vital as Hemlock said,
the Empire should be willing
to give me anything to get it back.
My work will never belong to you
or the Empire.
It will always be Kaminoan.
[Rampart] Hmm.
-[blaster clicks]
-Not any longer.
[groans]
[rapid beeping]
Wha--
[coughing, groans]
[groans]
[Echo grunts]
[clone commando 2 grunts]
[Echo groans]
Their efforts have failed.
Predictably so.
[Scorch] Sir, there's been an explosion
in the central lab.
It's been destroyed.
You failed too.
Your data's gone.
But I still have you.
You're forgetting one thing.
I have them.
[Wrecker screaming]
[groans]
[system powers down]
[Wrecker grunting]
[Omega grunts]
[Hemlock] We're leaving.
Deal with them.
[grunts]
[Wrecker grunts]
[groaning]
Get the kid.
[screaming]
[clone commando 3 groans]
[sighs]
[Wrecker groans]
[groans]
[pants]
[Crosshair grunts]
I'll find Omega.
You should stay here.
[Crosshair groans]
Not a chance.
[wind howling]
[thunder rumbling]
[Omega grunts]
[beeping]
[panting]
[pants]
[Wrecker shouts, grunts]
Wrecker, where are the others?
[groaning]
[wind howling]
[thunder rumbling]
-[Omega groaning]
-[beeping]
[grunts]
That's far enough!
[blaster clicks]
You won't get past them.
[breathes heavily]
They won't risk hurting you.
Neither will you.
You need me alive.
[Hemlock grunting, panting]
[panting continues]
[grunts]
[panting]
If I go over, then you go over.
Drop the blasters!
Shoot the binders.
I-I-I can't.
They're too close.
If I'm off-- I can't risk Omega.
She knows what to do, Crosshair.
Wait for her, then take the shot.
[inhales, exhales]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[Omega grunts]
[whimpers]
[panting]
[sighs] Come on.
[groans] We gotta get to the shuttle.
[Bragg] Governor Tarkin,
I have completed my assessment.
Various wings of the base
sustained heavy damage.
Dr. Hemlock and several troopers
perished in the attack.
Was any of his research salvageable?
No, Governor.
The databanks were destroyed.
Hemlock's failings have cost us enough.
Shutter this facility indefinitely,
and redistribute all funding
to Project Stardust.
[birds chirping]
[moon-yos chattering]
[Emerie] They've adapted quickly.
Kids are resilient.
A childhood's not something we ever had.
Our lives have never been our own.
Until now.
I'm heading to Pantora
to help get some of the clones settled.
I'm sure Senator Chuchi would find what
you have to say very helpful to our cause.
I have a lot to make up for.
I'd like to help out however I can.
With Hemlock gone and his data destroyed,
they're finally safe.
Mm-hmm.
[sighs] And so are you.
[Omega] Will it take long
to find their families?
Rex and I are working on it,
but we'll look after them until then.
[ship powering up]
What about the rest of the clones?
Will they stay here on Pabu?
Well, it's up to them.
They're free to follow their own paths.
We've all fought enough battles
for one lifetime.
Now we get to choose who we want to be.
Like what?
Whatever we want, kid.
[sighs]
Whatever we want.
[ship horn blows]
[creatures chittering]
[switch clicking, beeps]
[lights clicking on]
[barking]
[Gonky honks]
Thought you could just sneak off?
Time hasn't dulled all my senses.
[chuckles] This shouldn't be a surprise.
The Rebellion needs pilots now
more than ever.
[sighs]
I made my choice, Hunter.
I want to do more.
And we want to keep you safe.
[chuckles] You have.
But I'm not a kid anymore.
You don't have to worry about me.
You're our kid, Omega.
You always will be.
Hunter,
you've all fought enough.
This?
It's my fight.
I'm ready.
[sighs] Yeah, I know you are.
[sighs] But I'm not.
Keep an eye on Wrecker and Crosshair
while I'm gone.
[chuckles] Batcher too.
Off you go.
[Batcher pants]
Omega.
If you ever need us,
we'll be there.
[Gonky honks]
[ship powering up]
[beeping]
[Batcher whining]
It's all right, girl.
-[beeps]
-[Batcher whines]
-[lights clicking off]
-She'll be fine.